Adding App Store Connect texts as DocC article #124 (#195)
mikaelacaron/Basic-Car-Maintenance: Basic-Car-Maintenance/Documentation.docc/App Store Listing.md

# App Store Listing

## Overview

This article contains suggested texts and settings for the App Store listing, which will be set up in App Store Connect after Hacktoberfest.

> Here's the Apple developer site covering how to set up an app's product page, as well as the many other things you can do with App Store Connect: https://developer.apple.com/app-store-connect/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's the Apple developer site covering how to set up an app's product page, as well as the many other things you can do with App Store Connect: [https://developer.apple.com/app-store-connect/](https://developer.apple.com/app-store-connect/)
```

Makes this into a hyperlink

### App Information

> Set up the app's name and subtitle under **General** ▸ **App Information** in the **Localizable Information** section at the top of the page. You have a maximum of 30 characters for each field. According to [Appfigures](https://appfigures.com/resources/guides/app-name-optimization), you should portion out keywords between the name and the subtitle for optimal ASO, App Store Optimization, which is the black art of doing everything you can in your App Store listing to make it highly visible in the Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up the app's name and subtitle under **General** ▸ **App Information** in the **Localizable Information** section at the top of the page. You have a maximum of 30 characters for each field. According to [Appfigures](https://appfigures.com/resources/guides/app-name-optimization), you should portion out keywords between the name and the subtitle for optimal ASO, App Store Optimization, which is the magic of doing everything you can in your App Store listing to make it highly visible in the Store.
```

- **License Agreement** is where you can use Apple's standard End User License Agreement (EULA) or paste in your own, then select the countries or regions to which your own custom agreement should apply. For this app, we can simply `Apply Apple's standard end user license agreement (EULA) to all countries or regions`.
- **Primary Language** is set in the build and will be `English (U.S.)` for this app.
- **Category** Looking at potential competitors for this app, there's no clear winner as to category. `Utilities` could be a logical choice, as could `Lifestyle`. At the time of this writing, Apple currently shows Lifestyle in Top Categories (without needed to tap See All) although it does not show Utilities, so this suggests we should pick `Lifestyle`. It's not clear whether there's a benefit to setting the optional Secondary category, so let's leave this unset.

### Version Information
Enter the following metadata on the version information page, which appears under **iOS App** at the top left-hand side of the App Store tab in App Store Connect

#### Description

> `Basic Auto Vehicle Maintenance lets you easily log repairs and routine service. You can also track odometer readings, handy for business travel or just to figure out how far your fuel gets you.`

Reviewer: Can we also word this in a way that accommodates electric vehicles?

Author: will change that last bit to read "how far your fuel or battery charge gets you"

`This app began as a Hacktoberfest 2023 project and remains open source, maintained by Mikaela Caron. Look for mikaelacaron / Basic-Car-Maintenance and come contribute!`

#### Keywords
You have 100 characters of keyword space, which get combined with the Name and Subtitle fields discussed above when a user searches the App Store. Ariel Michaeli of Appfigures recently advised to put the more important keywords closer to the start of this field. Separate keywords with commas; omit spaces. 

> Suggested: `car,van,motorcycle,bike,care,repair,manage,easy,simple,oil,change,tire,rotation,record,fuel,gas,log`

Reviewer: Also some kind of electric vehicles words be great!

Author: will remove `motorcycle` and `log` and add `electric` and `charge`, leaving us at exactly 100 character
